Psalm 102 a prayer of the afflicted when
he is overwhelmed and pours out his
complaint before the Lord hear my prayer
O Lord and let my cry come to you do not
hide your face from me in the day of my
trouble
incline your ear to me in the day that I
call answer me speedily for my days are
consumed like smoke and my bones are
burned like a hearth my heart is
stricken and withered like grass so that
I forget to eat my bread because of the
sound of my groaning my bones cling to
my skin and like a pelican of the
wilderness I am like an owl of the
desert I lie awake and have like a
sparrow alone on the housetop my enemies
were approached me all day long
those who derive me swear an oath
against me for I have eaten ashen is
like bread and mingled my drink with
weeping because of your indignation and
your wrath well you have lifted me up
and cast me away my days are like a
shadow that lengthens and I wither away
like grass but you O Lord shall endure
forever and the remembrance of your name
to all generations you will arise and
have mercy on Zion for the time to favor
her yes the set time has come for your
servants take pleasure in her stones and
show favor to her dust so the nation
shall fear the name of the Lord and all
the kings of the earth your glory for
the Lord shall build up Zion he shall
appear in his glory he shall regard the
prayer of the destitute and shall not
despise
is their prayer this will be written for
the generation to come that a people yet
to be created may praise the Lord for he
looked down from the height of his
sanctuary from heaven the Lord viewed
the earth to hear the groaning of the
prisoner to release those appointed to
death to declare the name of the Lord in
Zion and his praise in Jerusalem when
the peoples are gathered together and
the kingdom's to serve the Lord he
weakened my strength in the way he
shortened my days I said o my god
do not take me away in the midst of my
days your years are throughout all
generations of old you lay the
foundation of the earth and the heavens
and the work of your hands they will
perish but you will endure yes they will
all grow old like a garment like a cloak
you will change them and they will be
changed but you are the same and your
years will have no end
the children of your servants will
continue and their descendants will be
established before you